[Music]
to the edge of the national forest
the heart they knew exactly where to
look
they've been sending spies across the
board
i know a road sign when i see one
the spy you're looking for right here in
your camp
yo somebody let this credit
just a little more
where's carol
you can take out half reward from here
you're gonna get yourself killed
we've got more skins
i deserve it please just say it to me
there's got to be another way in
the people you sent out they're in
trouble
trapped in a cave where alpha has placed
her horde
[Applause]
yes any other way in or out there are
others in the area
i'm not sure where
[Music]
oh
alpha wants me alive
i didn't betray you i just i drew him
out here
because he was gonna
thank you
thank you thank you for making me strong
let
here
[Applause]
there where are the others we got
separated
most of us got out
easy easy
i'm no longer weak
i'm stronger than ever
truth is stephanie i just very much like
to meet you
i'd really like to meet you too okay
i'll talk to my people not one of our
enemies who wants to see my son
she's not an enemy you don't know that
jerry and kelly made it back to hilltop
i heard what happened to the cave
i was worried about you
we gotta find our people man no you
can't go out there
my mother's coming what happened she
blocked all the roads
it means they're closing in on us we had
a window to get out we just missed it
what oceanside can't get here alexandria
either not in time
not after what happened this is going to
be the fight of our lives
seven rail yards about a mile south of
the kanawha river
one week can you be there
i'm never gonna hate you
[Music]
right
they will
part of my
stop sorry kids
before we knew it we were
in the horde
you are all doing great
you all are so good
and don't go near me again okay
the thing you've been looking for
i found it
uh
families inland and the munitions
everything's inland but i said i had to
come home to my family
i meant it
family's still in there that's why i
asked you to come
but i never lied to you about the
weapons you said you'd seen them
i told you i could show you the spots
i got no reason to go in them getting
washed up
i it washed up during the big storm i
don't know where the hell it came from
what are you doing
how are you talking about
if the others will help me i think we
can mod the engine and get it working
again
i found something i found something that
belonged to
the brave man is he alive
i i don't know but if you think he's
alive then you have to go find him
i love you and your brother so much
i love you too mom
go get him
they won't wait for us
[Music]
hoping that one day they'll forget
they won't not unless you do something
to make them forget
this is what you wanted so you bring me
off his head
and that's what the people remember you
for i go back there without you there is
a noose around my neck the second i step
foot in there
i've been in radio communicado with
someone outside our orbit
a new person when we set up a time to
meet i simply ask that you spare me your
derision as a hopeful expectation of new
good people is holy worth the risk
masking in her head i know i am getting
to that
let me get to it the whole reason i
threw in with them
was so i could get close enough to alpha
to slit her throat
alpha's dead because of you
we kneel it's the new offer
[Music]
probably don't threaten me with a good
time
more improbable than a baby born with a
full set of teeth oh my god hi
i haven't seen anyone in over a year and
the first ones i find seem like a bunch
of meanies
because we don't know you oh of course
you do
princess you mentioned you had access to
some transportation
a whole garage full tons of choices i'll
take you there
hey guys uh i need somebody to run an
errand for me
i'll go oh sh
they're heading toward orchard side as
expected
not yet we'll stay on them
whales yeah
not exactly the kind of ride i was
picturing but
i was coming over here to see if you
wanted to join us
wait for real yeah as long as you don't
lie to us again okay
you're breaking up i can't hear you come
back
surrounded gabriel
you